All right so here we are longest digits prefix.
What is your objective here.
Well we're going to take in a string.
It's going to have some numbers in it and we want to return the longest prefix which means the front
letters of that without hitting a character.
So in our case here we have one two three so we can only hit one two three.
Once we hit anything that is a character we're done.
That's basically it.
At the end of the day the way I solve this split includes push join and looking at it it may have been
overly complex solution.
I have a nother way that I think we can solve this all the same.
And also we'll have two solutions for this one I think.
All right.
So the way I solve this the first time was I created a digit Saray which is essentially 0 to nine a
number array.
I then split our input string into a character and created a a array that called prefix which I then
added the values that passed if it didn't pass I broke it.
Meaning that hey we hit a character and not a string.
And then I joined it back together this was a mess of a solution looking back.
Besides I added a whole bunch of things but publishing my first solution were then going to refactor
that one.
And then we're actually going to solve it slightly different.
So as I mentioned I created digits array and I'm not going to take the time to type this out.
I'm actually going to copy it over here.
So that's our digits like so from 0 to 9 and we're going to create an array here.
And call this char's and we're going to set this equal to input string split and we are split on each
individual character.
Very nice.
Now we're going to create the prefix array which should be a Conte's prefix.
And when you set this equal to an array and it should also be a cons here as well.
There there's a lot of Miss Levy on this day I was doing this.
So now we're going to do this we're going to iterate through the input string as a for we don't necessarily
need to do a typical for loop into four of loops so let char of input string a string at the end the
day is in iterable and we're going to say if digits dot includes this was a message code or an input
string.
Excuse me our char.
So if it includes that if it does not we want to break it right because now we're going to get out of
here and we don't want to have anything to do with it.
Break our LWB we hit our character we hit our thing that was not a character.
If it wasn't for your take prefix and we're just going to push that char onto it now that we have that
what we want to return is just our prefix dot joined back together on each character.
So we're good there.
This actually works it's a little bit of a messy solution a little bit of a strange solution.
A couple of things that we could do instead.
There's really no reason to push.
There's really no reason to join and there's really no reason to make this an array.
So we can eliminate that and stop some of our pain here when we do.
Prefix plus equals our char.
And then we can just go ahead and return prefix.
Now what does it give us Schoeni Oh excuse me.
And we got to make that letter now and that would work much better.
It's much simpler.
A whole lot of strange things so that we did here.
But you know in spirita refactoring the other way that we could solve this is let's say we didn't have
this digit array what we could do is let's create a cost chair and we'll just call it Gnome and we're
going to say equals.
Parse it on that char.
So now that we're doing that if you're trying to parse an int of a let's let's just say we'll parse
an ant.
Parse.
Int of a what do you think you get.
You get not a number.
So if you do want you get the value 1.
Or like so.
So what we're going to do instead is a much better way is instead of checking because this is going
to do a check through each iteration of the array.
Well we're going to do is run a parse in here and instead we're this is not a number and we're in a
pass and no that's it.
It's a much cleaner much better approach.
And and instead of.
Yeah fine.
So this is a much better approach of doing than what we did here.
And I'm actually going to replace my original solution with this year because I think this is exactly
the way it should have been.
Sometimes you overcomplicate these things in the moment you're like oh I know I do this and typed this
up and then you know you don't think about how to better solve this.
But this is a much better solution.